# static-resume

## Nuxt Documentation:
Bellow commands and documentations are generated by nuxt for the project (Project was started by nuxt.js)
You should first check my documentation at the End of the file, if you are currently not familiar with JS and Node.

## Build Setup

```bash
# install dependencies
$ yarn install

# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ yarn dev

# build for production and launch server
$ yarn build
$ yarn start

# generate static project
$ yarn generate
```

For detailed explanation on how things work, check out the [documentation](https://nuxtjs.org).

## Special Directories

You can create the following extra directories, some of which have special behaviors. Only `pages` is required; you can delete them if you don't want to use their functionality.

### `assets`

The assets directory contains your uncompiled assets such as Stylus or Sass files, images, or fonts.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/assets).

### `components`

The components directory contains your Vue.js components. Components make up the different parts of your page and can be reused and imported into your pages, layouts and even other components.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/components).

### `layouts`

Layouts are a great help when you want to change the look and feel of your Nuxt app, whether you want to include a sidebar or have distinct layouts for mobile and desktop.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/layouts).


### `pages`

This directory contains your application views and routes. Nuxt will read all the `*.vue` files inside this directory and setup Vue Router automatically.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/get-started/routing).

### `plugins`

The plugins directory contains JavaScript plugins that you want to run before instantiating the root Vue.js Application. This is the place to add Vue plugins and to inject functions or constants. Every time you need to use `Vue.use()`, you should create a file in `plugins/` and add its path to plugins in `nuxt.config.js`.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/plugins).

### `static`

This directory contains your static files. Each file inside this directory is mapped to `/`.

Example: `/static/robots.txt` is mapped as `/robots.txt`.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/static).

### `store`

This directory contains your Vuex store files. Creating a file in this directory automatically activates Vuex.

More information about the usage of this directory in [the documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/2.x/directory-structure/store).


## My Documentation:

### Installing Node and NVM
First, We need to install Node on the Computer. In order to do so, we can install it using `apt` or `yum` or ...
But it's best if we use `NVM` which stands for (Node Version Manager). It's not package manager, we'll get to that later.
It'll help you all the different versions of Node you want to have on your system for different Node projects you are currently working on your system.

To do so, you can read [this](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-node-js-on-ubuntu-22-04#option-3-installing-node-using-the-node-version-manager) link,
which will tell you to do the bellow steps:
1. Run bellow command
```shell
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.39.1/install.sh | bash
```
**Important:** address of the command might change by time, it's better (but not necessary) if you use the link above to get the script.

2. For `NVM` to work, you should re-run your shell. running one of the bellow commands (depending on your shell):
```shell
source ~/.bashrc
source ~/.zshrc
```
3. To check if it works, run bellow command. It will show you a lot of versions, Best to only use LTS versions
```shell
nvm list-remote
```
4. Run one of the versions by running (specify the version you want. this project was on Node Version 16):
```shell
nvm install v16.14.0
```
5. Bellow commands might also come in handy:
```shell
nvm list # TO check what node versions you have on your machine
node -v
```

### Installing Yarn
After that, you need a Node Package Manager. You could use `NPM` But in this project I suggest you use `Yarn`.

To install it, you could use [this](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install) link, which tells you to do bellow steps:

(it's best if you use Corepack.)
```shell
corepack enable
```

First, Remove all previous Yarn you might have:
```shell
sudo apt remove cmdtest
sudo apt remove yarn
sudo apt autoremove
```
Then install `Yarn`
```shell
corepack prepare yarn@stable --activate
```

Now You are ready to start installing project requirements and start the project:
### Starting Project:
1. Run Bellow commands
```shell
yarn set version stable
yarn install
```
2. If `yarn set version stable` raised any errors, try commenting `yarnPath: .yarn/releases/yarn-3.1.1.cjs` in `.yarnrc` file and try again.

On WebStorm: (Running `yarn dev` and ... might be hard to configure on WS)
3. Make sure your node interpreter version to 16 `Languages and Frameworks | Node.js | node interpreter`
4. It's Better to enable `Coding assistance for Node.js` there
5. Set your `Languages and Frameworks | Node.js | Package manager` to `<project root>/node_modules/jetbrains-yarn`
6. (Worth trying:) To enable ESLint auto fix enable `Automatic ESLint configuration` option in `Languages and Frameworks | JavaScript | Code Quality Tools | ESLint`
7. Enable `Languages and Frameworks | Javascript | Code Quality Tools | ESLint | Run eslint --fix on save`
